This is a list of all the hints that can be in the filename of a texture in
Stepmania.  Hints are used to tell Stepmania about special properties of the
texture and come in many different forms.  All hints are optional, only put
them in the filename if Stepmania should not use the natural image data.
With the exception of the sprite frame and resolution hints, texture hints can
be anywhere in the filename, so be careful not to use them on accident.

* Sprite frames  
	Sprite frame hints are two numbers separated by 'x' that tell Stepmania
	how many columns and rows of sprite frames the texture contains.  The
	sprite frame hint must be the last hint in the filename, the dot before
	the extension must be the next character.  
	Example:  16x16  
	This tells Stepmania that the texture is split into frames, with 16 frames
	on each row and 16 rows.  So a texture that is 320x224 in size and has the
	16x16 hint in its filename is split into frames that are 20x14.

* Resolution  
	The resolution hint tells stepmania what resolution the texture should be
	treated as when it is rendered, instead of using the size of the texture.
	The resolution hint must be inside a set of parentheses.  This makes it
	not look like the sprite frame hint.  
	Example:  (res 512x128)

* Bits per pixel  
	The bpp hint tells Stepmania to use a particular color depth for the texture
	instead of the color depth of the image.  It has two forms: 32bpp and 16bpp.

* Dither  
	Enables dithering for the texture.  
	Example: dither

* Stretch  
	Enables stretching for the texture.  
	Example: stretch

* Mipmaps  
	Enables mipmaps for the texture.  
	Example: mipmaps

* No Mipmaps  
	Disables mipmaps for the texture.  
	Example: nomipmaps

* Grayscale  
	Turns the image into grayscale mode.  
	Example: grayscale

* Alphamap  
	This indicates that the only component in the texture is alpha; assume all
	color is white.  
	Example: alphamap

* doubleres  
	This tells Stepmania that the source image has double the resolution that
	the result texture should have.  
	Example: doubleres
